from: “Condry, Mark”
date: Wednesday, September 15, 2004 9:06 PM
subject: lots of stuff
Eric,
Great news. I have a solid lead. The whole day felt like I
was pulling a string from the sand, but it’s pointed me in
the right direction.
It took me an hour of driving back and forth around the
Gessner and Braeswood area before I zeroed in on the right
side street. The landmarks had changed. I was 90% sure I’d
found the right apartment complex, but I was still grasping
air.
With no name for Drew’s mom, and no guarantee her last was
Hughes, I went to the manager’s office. And I just got
lucky.
Her name is Nancy Hughes, and she stopped paying the rent
in September of 1999. Drew paid it for the rest of the
lease term, which ended the following February. According
to the note in the resident file, he paid in cash. Seems
mom moved out, or just up and left one day. Poof.
Andrew was living alone in the apartment then?
How was he paying for rent with just a minimum-wage job?
I showed the manager the article about Andrew, and then I
lied. I said I was a private investigator. I don’t know
why. Maybe to justify why I was having her dig up rental
information from five years ago. Anyway, she got off on it,
and kept rooting around in the Hughes file for me, like a
movie sidekick.
She found something. A third party check, covered rent for
December of ’98. Kurt Malone. I’m thinking this is stepdad.
The manager photocopied the check for me and ten minutes
later I was calling the phone number printed with Kurt’s
address in the upper left hand corner.
No luck there. Disconnected.
So I took another approach and called 411 for a local
realtor service. You can do a search for contact
information for a specific realtor, I remember hearing
about this from a coworker who’d sold his place in
Greatwood. Malone was listed under a little Re/Max
affiliate office in Katy. I got that number and called
there, left message.
Evelyn, the owner, called me back and said Malone hadn’t
worked there in forever. He up and vanished, left her with
all kinds of issues. She thinks he had financial problems
and bailed for Mexico. I find it hard to swallow a theory
told to me in stage whisper, but maybe that’s just her
personality.
Still, that’s two people gone. Before, I thought maybe mom
just moved in with stepdad. Now, I don’t know what the hell
to think.
The call went on for half an hour as I got to hear the HR
“nightmare” Evelyn went through thanks to Kurt’s
disappearance. Halting his benefits, freezing the 401k
plan, surrendering documents to the police, etc.
I finally broke in and asked about the house. The one out
in west Houston he owned.
She got very quiet after that.
It took me another ten minutes to answer her questions
about who I was. This time I was honest and up front with
her. I guess it paid off, because she believed me, or at
least believed in my intentions, and she checked her
records.
I have an address, Eric.
Kurt had his own home in Sugar Land, but get this – he was
renting a house from a client. Way out west, near Pecan
Grove Plantation. The paperwork was curious, since he was
supposed to be selling this place, but the previous owners
had signed off on it, in multiple places, like it was no
real conflict of interest.
She didn’t know what happened to the house after it was
seized by the bank. I guess I’ll find out tomorrow when I
drive out there.
I’m close, man. I’m real close.
