from: “Condry, Mark”
date: Saturday, September 18, 2004 7:59 AM
subject: re: update
Hey Eric,
We’re playing phone tag. When you called, I was already on
the plane, and when I called back I guess you were at the
hospital again. Really sorry to hear about Connie. Any idea
what it is yet? Food poisoning? Something else? What are
the doctors saying?
I’m in Boise now, yeah. I nabbed a ticket from Priceline on
short notice, got on standby. I left my car at the George
Bush airport in Houston. Jen freaked out when I told her,
then she got very terse, said I should do what will make me
happy, and hung up. What will make me happy? Christ.
I don’t know a soul in Idaho. I haven’t slept in two days.
I’m charging everything to my Visa, and I have no idea how
I’ll pay it off. My watch stopped working yesterday. I’ve
got this weird ringing in my right ear, it comes and goes,
annoying as hell. I’ll tell you what will make me happy:
closing my eyes and not seeing Andrew staring back at me.
> What are you gonna do once you get there? Do you plan
> on telling the police the Madson connection? Do you
> think the Madsons left something in that house that drove
> Drew nuts, and he killed them for it years later?
Seriously,
> this is fucked up.
Yeah. I don’t know what to think. Right now it’s just a
connection. They lived in the same house. The Madsons were
there for four-and-a-half months, and Drew was there for
ten days. I have no idea what it means.
> feel like I should pass this along to some people, like
to
> get you some help out there. Or bring in the Feds or
> something. I don’t know if anyone else has managed to
> make the connection you did, and it’s an important one
> to the case. Can I forward your emails and contact info
> to someone?
Here’s what you can do for me, though. You can hold onto
this stuff, as evidence or whatever. If something crazy
happens and I’m in trouble, use this to explain the
situation for me. Forward emails to my friends or family.
Maybe if they read them, they’ll understand what I’m going
through.
I know you didn’t mean to inherit this job. I’m sorry to
make you do it. But I really appreciate the help.
- Mark, in potato land
