from: “Condry, Mark”
date: Monday, September 20, 2004 10:40 PM
subject: the Archers
Back.
That was… strange. I met the Archers. I know what you said,
last time I called, how I need to stop lying because it’ll
make it harder on me later, but I wasn’t about to tell them
I’m a good friend of the guy who killed Greg’s cousin. I
said I knew the Madsons when they were in Houston. I had
some burning questions about what happened to them, as (I
claimed) they practically dropped off the map when they
left town.
I hadn’t heard from them since.
Greg did most of the talking. His wife Helen was pleasant,
in that stiff-smile way, but she found ways to interrupt my
chat with Greg and remind him of other things he needed to
get done. The more she did it the more I encouraged Greg to
keep chatting.
The Madsons, as he tells it, had a long future planned in
Houston. John got a transfer to Schlumberger Oil and looked
forward to settling down. Then things started to go wrong
after they moved in. Just little things that piled up.
Their car kept getting flat tires. Lucy broke her ring
finger while futzing with the dishwasher. Trouble getting
mail. Their phone got disconnected when they didn’t pay the
bill for two months; a bill they never got. That sort of
thing.
Finally something happened, Greg doesn’t know what. It was
enough to get them to put the house on the market. That
same week, John sold all his company stock, gutted his
401k, quit his job, and put everything into a big RV. He
and Lucy drove off in their new motor home and never looked
back.
They’d been driving around the country the last five years,
nomadic. Lucy got pregnant in 2002 but miscarried. They
still kept on the road. Greg thinks they would have just
kept driving through Idaho if the RV hadn’t broken down
with an A/C problem. Greg made the guest room upstairs, and
he and Helen welcomed them in their house for a week. This
was right before the shooting.
Here’s where it gets stranger.
Greg took me up to the guest room and pointed to some spots
on the carpet, right in front of the closet door. Furniture
footprints, like something had stood there. Greg says it
was the dresser, the one against the opposite wall. They
barricaded the closet door for the duration of their stay.
It was the strangest thing. He also noticed they kept the
bedroom light on around the clock, and bundled up with the
spare set of woolen sheets for the bed.
Greg never found the right way to ask a number of
questions. I think he felt a little better talking to me
about it. I’m not his cousin, but I’m someone who listened
to him and agreed it was bizarre.
I left Greg and Helen’s not feeling any better. I feel
worse now. I ache the way you’re sore right before you get
really sick. I’m trying to put things together, I really
am.
I have to go to the police now, don’t I.
I’ll go first thing in the morning. I promise, Eric.
