Monday, October 11th, 2004 | 10:21 pm
New job!
Hi everybody! (Especially Jonathan... xoxo) =^_^=
Here we go, its Dani’s first LJ! Hehe. Well it took me long enough, I just needed a
reason for one. My life is pretty boring for the most part so trying to keep a diary
going felt like too much work. But whenever I get a job, like over the summer, I
always have these great stories to tell. Like when I worked as lifeguard for the
Highland YMCA outdoor pool... Or at the public library last year. You wouldn’t think
you’d meet so many weirdo people or end up on crazy adventures (like raccoon
hunting with the drain net! hehe) but it happens all the time to me.
Well THIS time I will be sure to write them down here... because I have a new job!
That’s right. Its all part of Dani’s Genius Plan to Pay for Xmas. I want to get my
friends & family nice things this year, so I took a babysitting job at a house three
blocks away. Babysitting, yeah! Doesn’t sound like a steady job but this one is
different. The Ellisons are both full-time working parents, programmers at some tech
company downtown. When big deadlines get close, both of them have to work hellabad
OT hours, and they need someone to watch their daughter Linney from 5-10,
Mon-Thurs. That seriously cuts into my downtime after school. :( But! Its worth it. I
keep telling myself that.
I went over tonight and met Linney and Mr. and Mrs. Ellison. They look like total
geeks. Their living room has a big screen TV and also a table with two PCs and a
bunch of other gear like DVD burners. The place is cold, they must run the AC a lot
to keep their hardware from overheating. Its like that in the school computer room all
the time.
Linney is 8. She’s quiet and shy, but she has the cutest crooked-teeth smile! ^_^ She
likes Nintendo and Barbie. I think we’ll get along fine.
My first day is tomorrow! Its sooooo weird to have someone’s house key on my key
ring... I guess my references were good for them though.
Wish me luck!
xoxo
Dani
current mood: bouncy
current music: The Killers — “Somebody Told Me”
