Saturday, October 30, 2004 | 9:09 PM
It’s Here
Jen! Where are you, and why haven’t you answered your cell?
I don’t see how you would check here before checking voicemail, but just in case,
call me. I got home from work at about 7pm, and saw Sweatsuit Man driving out of
the alley, in his pickup. I don’t know if I was just fed up, or suspicious, but this time I
followed him. It was night and I felt that I could follow at a reasonable distance
without drawing much attention.
He drove north on Highland and entered the 101 westbound. We stayed on the
freeway all the way to the 405, where he merged north, for the valley. There was
some heavy traffic there, and for a few minutes I couldn’t see the pickup, but I found
him again as we passed Victory.
He exited Sherman Way and headed east. Then I got stuck at a light at the Northridge
med center and lost him again. I just kept driving and looking. I thought I saw a
pickup take a right on a residential street and followed. I had no idea where I was, no
way to write down the street names. I have Mapquest open in another window right
now, I’m narrowing it down, trying to recognize familiar names.
I had gotten lost after taking too many zig-zags, chasing after tail lights. Some of the
stop signs had no street labels. Just an unmarked intersection. But I know the general
area. And I made my way back to the freeway. I can retrace my steps in the daylight.
I found the house, Jen. And the pickup. It’s the same house. The lights weren’t on but
I could see it well enough under the streetlamp. Same floorplan, same elevation. Not
sure if the gate had a plank missing, it was too dark. But it’s the one.
I called Cameron as soon as I got to a place where I had a signal again. He’s on his
way over. Connie is at her mother’s this weekend. I think we’re going to go over
tomorrow, middle of the day, and confront the man. I’ll round up anyone else I can,
too. Power in numbers.
If, given the chance, we can enter the house, I’m undecided. I want to be able to put a
stop to this madness, to expose or explain it, and that may require going inside and
facing the madness.
But this time, we won’t be unprepared.
