Tuesday, October 26, 2004 | 11:09 PM
Getting Surreal
What the hell am I doing?
I’m going crazy. Ever since I first got pulled into this whole ordeal, ever since Mark’s
first email to me, I’ve been spiraling. Now I’m struggling just to separate the facts
from the fog, the real from the unreal. For weeks, I’ve been trying to keep his
disappearance (and everything trailing after that) at arm’s length, and I’ve failed. I’m
an absolute mess. I don’t know what to think. I can’t help the Condrys or Jen
anymore than I already am, yet I feel wholly inadequate to answer their questions.
The truth is I simply don’t know. I don’t. I wish I did. The one person who can
answer them has been missing since September 21, and it’s possible he lied to me
about what he was doing.
And to make matters worse, I can’t even lean on Connie. She doesn’t like the fact
that I keep updating Mark’s site, or that I’m talking to Jen in the middle of the night.
But I don’t think she understands. The questions she asks, they’re always centered
around Jen, and what I was talking about on the phone. I know that tone of hers. In
the midst of this terrifying ordeal, she thinks I’m cheating on her!
I can’t dump my thoughts and feelings on the site I made for Mark — too many
people (including Jen and Connie) are paying attention now. And when I’ve called
Cam, he’s been more interested in the crazy theories than how I’m feeling. The email
box I set up for questions by Mark’s family is now flooded with messages from total
strangers, some of them a little too eager to help. Or maybe I’m just paranoid now.
I need a place to unload all these things weighing me down. And, as I have come to
appreciate so well in the last month — a place to record events in my life. This is just
for me. A little sanctuary, or maybe a confessional.
Here’s something I haven’t told Connie yet, nor Jen for that matter. Yesterday
morning when I took out the trash, I saw a man standing at the other end of the alley,
over on the La Brea side. Just standing there, staring at me. He was wearing this
sweatsuit like a jogger wears, it looked dirt-stained, and his hair was unkempt. I tried
not to stare back. I think he may be homeless.
This morning I saw him again, down by Olympic. Just standing and staring at me as I
drove by.
Christ, I’m going out of my mind, I just know it.
