Sep. 20th, 2005 | 11:33 pm
new town same Loreen
All it took was one entry on this journal thingy and I had a man in a sweatsuit come
trollin around downtown for me. Took me a good week to make sure I had shaken
him loose. Now I’m in a different place, new Jetsons café, and I got a new shopping
cart from the Target down the street. It’s a good cart. Got smooth wheels. No pulling
to the left or right, no squeaking. I just need to find a good place to sleep tonight.
So, about Boise. I best get to that now before someone finally catches up to me, and
now it’s really just a matter of time before I’m dragged through the front door of a
house that smells like fresh bread and warm blood.
But as I said, they aren’t houses.
Here is what I know, and what I said to everyone in the courtroom.
It started with the little things. This was a week after I moved in, summer before my
first semester teaching. The sound traveled in odd ways, especially in the kitchen. No
echo, even in empty rooms. Now and then I thought I felt the carpet wiggle under my
feet. The outlet things, they felt, I don’t know how to put it, I guess soft is the word.
Like I was jamming the plug into a jar of jelly. Power fluttered a lot, but damned if I
could find a fusebox. Thermostat didn’t seem to care how I futzed with it, the air just
came on when it wanted to, and most the time it was warm and smelled like
cinnamon toast.
All of this feels par for the course when you buy a home at auction. I got in on one of
these deals where the bank offloads all the real estate they reclaimed from defaulted
loans or some shit. You get what you pay for? Not this time. Not even close.
I tried getting into the attic, see if there was anything like a fusebox there. I searched
all up and down the house for the trap door to the crawlspace. No sign of it
anywhere. So I did what any self-respecting middle aged woman would do. I went
out and bought an ax.
Soon as I jammed that ax into the hall ceiling, it all started to go to hell.
Shit, Internet cafe guy is shooing me off. Be back when I can.
