Aug. 16th, 2005 | 12:40 pm
you must hear the truth
My name is Loreen Mathers and I don’t know much about the Internet and I don’t
care to. The reason I am in this so-called Internet diner in old downtown (I ain’t
about to tell you which city thank you kindly) is because there is no record of what I
did in October of 2001. Not anymore.
I killed a man. Killed him dead. Thing of it was, he was trying to kill me first. I don’t
take too kindly to that sort of behavior. At the time, I was in another state from the
one with my last known address. A tourist. Never mind I had all my shit in the back
of my station wagon and a revolver in my glovebox. To anyone else I was a visitor
from out of town. So was the man I shot to death, he wasn’t a local either. See, we
both were from Boise.
There was a trial, there were lawyers and all that shit, and I woulda been happy to
serve my time in a cell for what I done. One of the safest places for me to be,
considerin what I know. But the damn lawyer got me up on the chair next to the
judge, and asked me why I did what I did, and I told him. I told all of them. I went on
for eleven pages in the court transcripts, laying out everything I know about it. And
my big mouth got me just nine months in a mental facility. Nine months. Like my
delusion was a pregnancy, and once I’d had it outta me I could go free, out among the
world.
Now I’m out. Been out for a few years. I still carry a gun on me too and I am not
afraid to kill again if cornered. Maybe I’ve walked right past you but I guarantee you
didn’t pay a cent of attention to me, and that is the way I like it. I woulda stayed that
way, never to go into one of these coffee places with computers hooked up on the
tables like we’re the Jetsons, because anyone who wanted to know the truth just had
to read the court transcripts. It was all there.
But they’re gone. Disappeared from Boise police. Man named Mark Condry came
looking for them, then calling for me. That’s how I know. Used to be you could type
my name into the search engine things like wahoo and my name would get you these
news stories about the shooting in Salt Lake City. Now, there’s nothing.
Well I aim to put a stop to that. I’m gonna tell you what happened, and also what
happened to that fella Mark, and a slew of other names you may not recognize.
The first thing I can tell you is this: They aren’t houses. Stop thinking of them like
houses.
Soon as I can panhandle enough money for another hour on this bitch box I’ll be
back.
LM
