UPDATE: Some news. Some good, some frustrating.

First up -- I'm told the language in the journal is Ifugao. I don't have any translations yet, but I'm reaching out to friends to see if I can find someone to a) confirm this and b) work on reading it for us.

Next: Some people have been asking about that photo with the door. I don't know what to tell you. I can say that when Kevin and I inspected the wall where the door appears in the grainy image, we didn't find anything unusual. No invisible handle, no hinges, etc. It felt colder to me, like just in that area, but that may be psychosomatic.

Gwen apparently tried several times to get the exposures right, and I have some of the ones from the same batch that the first one was from. Kevin lent me all that. Here they are.

https://imgur.com/x7hz7SK

(And yes I'm drinking this early, don't judge.)

The real kicker this morning was my email with Kevin. He went over to retrieve some more photos (developed or undeveloped) from Gwen's rooms, and Robert was there with a locksmith. He's moved back in, and doesn't want Kevin or me around anymore. He claims it's because we're making her disappearance a "tourist attraction."

I really don't want it to be that, and Kevin knows I haven't shared addresses or locations, but okay. The thing is, I don't believe Robert buys into any of these weirdness. And I'm worried he would rather just get rid of anything that looks unexplainable than try to look into it further. It's even more agonizing because Kevin said Robert confronted him with one of Gwen's photos, demanding to know if he "let" his sister do these crazy art projects.

The photo, as Kevin described it (copied from his email):

"It was a shot of their house, from the street. Done in that weird development process, black and white and weird shadows. Only there was another goddamn house fused to it on one end. Like someone left a really old house standing and built a new one attached to it. It was on the side of their house where Dash's room is."

I really want to see that photo now, but things are tense now.

Oh, and one more tidbit: Robert did admit to contact with Gwen, two days before Kevin went to her house and couldn't find her. She left Robert a voicemail, telling him, "I found his car!" She was ecstatic. I asked Kevin what that meant, and he said he thinks it's the toy car Dash loved, it went missing when he did. One of those little McQueen cars from the movie. Gwen replaced it a year ago and left it in his room, and then started adding new bits of Disney merchandise, particularly on Dash's birthday. (I think this is what drove her and Robert apart the most; the way Gwen kept adding little touches to his room as some lure to bring him back.)

I have not seen any photos to suggest a car toy in them. But if Kevin can get into her gmail, we might find it.

[UPDATE: translations]

While I don’t have any new information about Gwen or Dash (Kevin is in “intense talks” with Robert and I’m staying out of it), I do have some remarkable translation work thanks to the collective efforts of Internet volunteers.

Three different translators sent in their best attempts at cracking the Ifugao in Salazar’s journal, and from that I was able to get a clearer sense of the content and sort of Frankenstein the English translation together from the three.

Here is what I have so far, and if it’s accurate, holy shit.

For this image: https://imgur.com/best-guess-its-from-philippenes-FSKwqdI

[left-side page]

But I keep going back to the photos of the village woman, CALISO, and the cloth she uses to stain the spirit vase. She had left the cloth to soak in the special oils, and the next morning she found the image saturated into the material. A [little girl or young woman] with long hair. Masferré finds it a little interesting, but I want to know more.

I have spoken with Caliso and other villagers, who [claim/believe] the image is of the daughter of a miner who disappeared last season. They all believe her to be dead. And now with her visage in the cloth used to stain the wood of a ritual container for wayward spirits, everyone believes it true.

[right-side page]

In all of our excursions I have found the local rituals on spirits fascinating but primitive. The capture or release of a ghost, to me, was never about the dead, but about the living attempting to cope with death.

But here, this cloth and its visage, sparks an idea. What if the chemicals in the stain are sensitive to a new layer in the light spectrum?

More importantly, can the compound be applied in the photographic process, to reveal the phenomenon that produced this image on the fabric? The most resilient rituals are founded in a sliver of science.

I will ask M if I can pursue it.

Next image: https://imgur.com/icACzyu

[left-side page]

[starting mid-sentence] is derived from a resin produced from a species of conifer plant, mixed with oils from boiling leaves of local Balete trees. I think these could be mixed with normal chemical developing agents (or in the case of the first ingredient, instead of phenidone) to allow enough reaction during the soak to produce an image from this spectrum range.

But the [????] agent is one half of the equation. I need to find the right method of exposure during the image capture. M told me about strobe light theory, and then proceeded to tell me why he thinks it’s [best guess: nonsense]. But maybe a UV strobe or an exposure with a normal strobe lamp will spotlight elements invisible to the naked eye.

I could rig a strobe. It could work.

Or it will be a waste of time.

[right-side page]

Start with normal [???] cycle

Strict measurement for resin treatment + oil mixture

Add incrementally with each photo

4 bath trays = 4 different variants per session

From this image: https://imgur.com/mZVODs6

[left-side page]

Found it!! TS19 [or 79?] developed to expose everything in the normal spectrum, plus one new element. The girl.

It’s her. Her hair and dress match Caliso’s stained cloth. I [unknown] the image on large format using paper from the village, and the buttons on the [girl’s or young woman’s] dress line up.

She’s staring at me. At the camera, when I took the exposure. She’s not there in the normal exposure.

Other interesting differences: Some smudge or shape under the awning of the hut in the background, right side. Need to find out who lives there. Possibly take another exposure aimed right at the hut.

[right-side page]

04 May

Showed the photographs to M, who finally acknowledged this was unusual. This is the win I’ve needed. I know he’s been unhappy with my side project. I don’t know why. I’ve kept up with my duties as his assistant. We are low on a few supplies but I will make that up on the next return to Baguio next month.

Maybe he’s envious of this discovery.

This is important. This is groundbreaking.

[way down the page, at the bottom] Who is this girl?

If I get any more journal pages from Kevin, or if I actually get my hands on the book itself, prepare for all of it to get scanned in.

There may be no more updates, but don't count us out yet.
