[Final Update]
In case some of you followed this last week but missed the update, there’s more to that second link now, at the end.

And that brings me to tonight. Where I’m a little drunk and a long way from being drunk enough. So let me tell you what ruined this day. And why I’m done with this whole thing now. This is it, I’m out.

It began with Kevin texting me, asking if I’d heard of some chemist, and gave me the name. It didn’t ring any bells. He said the chemist called because Gwen had reached out to him for a research question, and he didn’t get around to checking it out until this week, and Gwen’s voicemail now just gives Kevin’s number as a contact (this is something Kevin set up a while ago).

Kevin’s out of town this whole weekend, spending it with his own family, and I don’t blame him. But it meant he wanted me to follow up with the guy and find out what kind of research he meant.

The call was cordial enough, but I think the chemist became increasingly uneasy with each follow-up question. He said Gwen had sent him a set of pages from a book, containing some chemical diagrams, and wanted more information about them. I asked which pages, and he replied, “72 and 73.”

Here’s the thing: that’s the blank spread near the end of the book. The one I mentioned we recovered with the two other spreads. I told him, there’s nothing on those pages. I even pulled up the recovered image Kevin sent me last week.

This is what we had: https://imgur.com/Z4c2MDN

He responded, “I’m looking at them right now, what she sent me, and it’s here.”

So I asked him to send me what he had. And he did.

This is what I got from him: https://imgur.com/rD71Ju1

I can’t tell if Gwen used a similar developing process or some special lighting/exposure, but it’s clear she suspected there was content on this spread and knew how to access it. I feel like if I had even just the previous two pages, it would help give me a bigger sense of the procedure here, but this is all she sent the chemist.

I must have stared at this for an hour or more, working over in my mind what this even suggests -- this partial sketch in what is likely a series of secret notes. I mean, WTF is on the other pages? Do I want to know? Why is it I always want to know?

Here is what I know, and it’s just based on my analysis of the evidence: Salazar’s sanity appears to have taken a decline in the later entries, especially once Masferre left him behind. I see that in the handwriting, the difference from the first entry and the last ones. But it seems he also began working much more intensely on what he calls the “exposures.” He photographed the whole village. Then began following signs of this missing girl beyond the village. Even followed a road or path otherwise unseen. The list on one page (0047) could be a series of objects he found in his special exposures that he couldn’t see in normal reality.

And then he continues, by theorizing what this place is. I found this particularly interesting, since I expected him to link it to the afterlife or the spirit world, considering all the spiritual significance of that culture at the time, and the mythology behind elements like the Balete trees. But Salazar talks about it as simply an “in-between,” like a crack in reality where things and people can fall.

The less I think about Long Fingers, the better.

One thing seems certain: Salazar had become obsessed with this invisible place, and even posited the question of enabling himself to physically see it with his own eyes, rather than after-the-fact, in a dark room, with a series of photographs. And I look at that image Gwen sent the chemist, and I see what I think is an eyedropper. A goddamn eyedropper. Tilted over an eyeball.

So what the hell are we to make of that? I don’t know what to make of the two structural diagrams the chemist confirmed. Psilocin and phenidone? He told me what they were, and some of their more common uses, but it didn’t mean much to me. All I can conclude, based only on what I have here, is that Salazar experimented with a way to adjust the photochemicals or mix them with others in order to drop them directly into his eye and attempt to see the “in-between” without his camera. And that’s crazy, yes, of course, no argument here, and I don’t even know how he’d go about testing it out especially when he was already unstable by that point.

But it brings me to Gwen. And something Kevin said at drinks last Tuesday, about Dash. Dash was a good kid, but he had his quirks. He was often easily spooked, his blood pressure typically ran high, to the point Gwen and Robert thought he might become diabetic in his teens. And he had a habit they couldn’t break: He ate paper. Chewed on it. Notebook paper, 3M notes, magazine pages, you name it. Dash would surreptitiously tear off a corner here or there and chew on it in the back of his mouth. It was bad enough their dentist showed them how Dash had stained his back molars.

If there is some kernel of merit to the idea that you can rewire the chemical composition in your eyes to see what you don’t normally see, then maybe you can also affect it by ingesting certain chemicals for an extended period? I’m not sure.

This brings me to where I went tonight. What I just did.

Armed with this information, I felt it high time to go to Robert and call a truce. I boxed up all the materials I’d accumulated, including the printout of pgs 72-73, and most of my correspondence with Kevin. It just felt like the right thing to do. Even if he refused to see me, I’d know at least I did what I could to find some closure.

Surprisingly, he was fine with my visit. He let me in, and we sat down at his (well, Gwen’s) kitchen table and talked. He’d been drinking some red wine and continued drinking as we went over everything.

I got up enough nerve to tell him what might have happened. Gwen concocted some very bad-for-you shit that she most likely dropped into her eyes. Because she had the really sad idea that their son was somehow caught in this in-between and she was going to Get Him Back No Matter What. It may have been hallucinogenic or maybe it just slowly turned her blind, but odds are she is in a hospital somewhere or, worst case scenario, she didn’t survive this self-experiment, and pretty soon someone will find her body. I told Robert this not because I wanted to hurt him, or stir up some emotional reaction, I just wanted to help him make sense of it. And maybe help myself make sense of it at the same time.

Robert nodded along, listened quietly, didn’t ask nearly enough questions, which suggested to me that he felt my theory was either spot-on, or it was entirely bullshit. Regardless, he was calm with me. Even a little apologetic. I asked him if he wanted to talk to the chemist, to follow up, and he told me he didn’t need to, which I had thought at the time was him simply saying he believed me.

Lastly, I told him I hope he might one day get some closure to all of this, and I urged him not to let Gwen’s last message to him hang on his conscience. He told me it wouldn’t. And then he showed me two photographs to help me understand why. He even asked me to take pics of them and send to Kevin, so all of us would have the same information.

The first is a shot Gwen took from a step-ladder on the side of the house, with her back to Dash’s room. “Her back to that door, really,” Robert had said. She wanted to look inside that second house fused with their own, but it meant using a different camera she could carry up the ladder. Robert said her notes were detailed, and discussed things like using black-and-white film as the base, plus a new type of push processing to get a clearer development of the “in between” photo.

The normal outdoor photo is here: https://imgur.com/xP20a4J

The second is what happened to that same photo when Gwen used Salazar’s exposure/development process. This is what it looks like in the “in-between” world:

https://imgur.com/HlE5wAc

“That’s his car,” Robert told me. Dash’s toy. On the floor. That’s what Gwen meant when she said she’d found it.

After I drank a full glass of that wine, I asked Robert where in the hell he found these images, since Kevin and I scoured Gwen’s house for anything like it. He told me, “They were on the flatbed scanner.” And I silently cursed myself for never looking there.

I didn’t know what else to say to the man. He seemed at peace with everything, but at the time I thought that was the wine talking. I shook his hand, and he pulled me into a brief hug, and all I could think to say was that I’m sure Gwen knows he loves her. And Robert said to me, “It’s okay. I’ll see them again one day. I’ll find them.”

He walked me to the door and we shook hands a second time. But as he closed the front door, I noticed the half-bathroom across the foyer, behind him. Its door hung open. And while it was only a glimpse, I got a clear look at what was sitting on the vanity counter.

An eyedropper.
