UPDATE: Some news. Some good, some frustrating.

First up -- I'm told the language in the journal is Ifugao. I don't have any translations yet, but I'm reaching out to friends to see if I can find someone to a) confirm this and b) work on reading it for us.

Next: Some people have been asking about that photo with the door. I don't know what to tell you. I can say that when Kevin and I inspected the wall where the door appears in the grainy image, we didn't find anything unusual. No invisible handle, no hinges, etc. It felt colder to me, like just in that area, but that may be psychosomatic.

Gwen apparently tried several times to get the exposures right, and I have some of the ones from the same batch that the first one was from. Kevin lent me all that. Here they are.

https://imgur.com/x7hz7SK

(And yes I'm drinking this early, don't judge.)

The real kicker this morning was my email with Kevin. He went over to retrieve some more photos (developed or undeveloped) from Gwen's rooms, and Robert was there with a locksmith. He's moved back in, and doesn't want Kevin or me around anymore. He claims it's because we're making her disappearance a "tourist attraction."

I really don't want it to be that, and Kevin knows I haven't shared addresses or locations, but okay. The thing is, I don't believe Robert buys into any of these weirdness. And I'm worried he would rather just get rid of anything that looks unexplainable than try to look into it further. It's even more agonizing because Kevin said Robert confronted him with one of Gwen's photos, demanding to know if he "let" his sister do these crazy art projects.

The photo, as Kevin described it (copied from his email):

"It was a shot of their house, from the street. Done in that weird development process, black and white and weird shadows. Only there was another goddamn house fused to it on one end. Like someone left a really old house standing and built a new one attached to it. It was on the side of their house where Dash's room is."

I really want to see that photo now, but things are tense now.

Oh, and one more tidbit: Robert did admit to contact with Gwen, two days before Kevin went to her house and couldn't find her. She left Robert a voicemail, telling him, "I found his car!" She was ecstatic. I asked Kevin what that meant, and he said he thinks it's the toy car Dash loved, it went missing when he did. One of those little McQueen cars from the movie. Gwen replaced it a year ago and left it in his room, and then started adding new bits of Disney merchandise, particularly on Dash's birthday. (I think this is what drove her and Robert apart the most; the way Gwen kept adding little touches to his room as some lure to bring him back.)

I have not seen any photos to suggest a car toy in them. But if Kevin can get into her gmail, we might find it.
