UPDATE: Back again. Some of you may follow me on Twitter, so you already know a few tidbits over the last week, but to summarize here:

Robert seems to have gotten a lawyer to send me a C&D

The police impounded Gwen's computer

By all signs, this whole ordeal was basically at a dead end

I had an existential crisis or two on Tuesday night, wherein I questioned a lot of things, partly because I was scared. But Kevin reached out to me last night and we had a long talk, and because I'm an "in for a penny, in for a pound" kind of person, I agreed to share whatever last scraps of info we find about his sister's disappearance. (And my own lawyer continues to assure me the C&D order is essentially "a toothless scare tactic.")

This morning, the police returned Gwen's computer to Kevin, partly because he's been in front of this for a while and has a decent relationship with the detective, and possibly because the cops don't care much for Robert. That's conjecture on my part, but you see trust sway over the course of a week or two in situations where everyone has questions. And I think a cop's first and last thought in these things is "the husband likely did it." I'm not saying I think that, despite the fact I don't get along with the guy. It's just behavioral.

One of the things the cops did that Kevin didn't attempt was a file recovery of anything recently deleted. That data was left in a Recovered Files folder on her drive. Most of it was junk, but Kevin found two more journal spreads in there. (Well, three actually, but the third spread is blank, near the end of the book.) To be clear, we don't know why they were deleted instead of kept with the other photos/scans she did of the book. But he and I tossed around some theories.

The first thing you'll note about these two spreads is that they're in English. It didn't occur to me that Salazar would know English, but I realize that was rather shortsighted considering he wrote in it on the title page. That said, I can't follow most of it. It looks like Gwen tweaked the images a little in Photoshop to make the ink stand out more clearly and tone down other elements, but this isn't a clarity issue for me as much as it is legibility. In these pages it seems Salazar has gotten sloppier. He writes at odd angles. He uses more exclamation marks and underlines. The weight on the pen feels heavy. And his illustrations are more disturbing here.

I've asked Kevin what it would take to retrieve the actual journal from the house and scan every page, just as I've asked repeatedly about repossessing all of Gwen's photography from Robert so we have access to everything, but because this is a police investigation much of that would be considered obstruction or removal of evidence.

At any rate, here are the two spreads.

pgs 0042-0043: https://imgur.com/hvTZspG

pgs 0046-0047: https://imgur.com/51gGvwY
